Add readme (#2)
leaningtech/alpine-image: README.md

> # Custom Disk Image for virtual machines

Reviewer: This should say what the repo contains.

> # Preconfigured Linux VM Image with i3 and Polybar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Alpine Linux image for WebVM

This repo contains the Dockerfile used for the Alpine Linux graphical setup of WebVM, available at https://webvm.io/alpine.html
```

This is the right way of describing the content. You need to tell people _what this repo is_

Please review and update. Also squash the commits, there is no point in having the README overridden multiple times.

> For detailed instructions and best practices, we recommend referring to the official [CheerpX documentation](https://cheerpx.io/docs/overview). It contains all the necessary information to help you get started effectively.

Reviewer: Please point people directly to the custom image page and remove the build.sh file

> For detailed instructions on creating a custom image, please refer to the [Custom Disk Image](https://cheerpx.io/docs/guides/custom-images) documentation. It provides all the necessary information to help you get started effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on creating a custom image, please refer to the [Custom Disk Image](https://cheerpx.io/docs/guides/custom-images) documentation. It provides all the necessary steps to build your own custom version of WebVM.
```

# Custom Alpine Image for virtual machines

This repository provides a simple and efficient way to build an Alpine-based virtual machine image.

> ## Building the Image

Reviewer: We should point people to the standard instructions on the CX docs. Remove the build.sh file altogether

Use the `build.sh` script to generate the image:

```sh
./build.sh
```

Options:
- `-s, --size <size>`: Specify the image size (default: 1500M).
- `-f, --dockerfile <path>`: Specify a custom Dockerfile (default: `./Dockerfile`).
- `-o, --output <file>`: Specify the output image file (default: `image.ext2`).

For additional details on creating and customizing ext2 images for use with CheerpX, refer to the [custom disk images](https://cheerpx.io/docs/guides/custom-images) guide in the CheerpX documentation.

> ## License

Reviewer: The license must be in a separate file called LICENSE, like we do in other repos. There is no CX deployment connected to this repo.

This project is released under the Apache License, Version 2.0.

You are welcome to use, modify, and redistribute the contents of this repository.

The public CheerpX deployment is provided **as-is** and is **free to use** for technological exploration, testing and use by individuals. Any other use by organizations, including non-profit, academia and the public sector, requires a license. Downloading a CheerpX build for the purpose of hosting it elsewhere is not permitted without a commercial license.

Read more about [CheerpX licensing](https://cheerpx.io/docs/licensing).

> If you want to build a product on top of CheerpX/WebVM, please get in touch: sales@leaningtech.com

Reviewer: This is not WebVM
